README.md, before:

# RPS-7

RPS-7 stands for Rock Paper Scissors 7 ways and has been designed for those that wish to play a more complex version of the traditional rock paper scissors game. This site demostrates how JavaScript can be used to create working games that can be played singl-player. RPS-7 is a website that allows users to play a JavaScript game of RPS-7 against a computer, with the first to 10 points being crowned as the winner.

Live URL: <https://jftjenkins.github.io/rps-7/>

![Image showing responsive website on different devices](assets/images/responsive.png)

## Features

### Existing Features

- __The RPS-7 Heading__

  - At the top of the page, the title for the page is shown which tells the user the name of the game, and the rules for winning ("First to 10 wins!")

![Heading of page](assets/images/title.png)

- __The Rules Area__

  - The next section shown is the area that explains the rules of the game. The choices are shown using <b>bold text</b> so that users can easily identify how interactions work. This text was taken directly from <https://www.umop.com/rps7.htm>

- __The Results Area__

  - Below the Rules Area, is the Results section, which shows the Player's Choice and the Computer's Choice along with a Results Box below to show who has won each round. When a player clicks an icon from the Player Choice section below this, the icon will show in the Player's Choice box, along with the Computer's Choice, which is randomly selected. From this, the results box will say what the Player chose, and what the Computer chose, and who won or if it was a tie.
  - This allows the user to see what they have chosen, and easily see what the computer has chosen, along with the results.

![Opening view of Results Area](assets/images/opening.png)

![Player wins](assets/images/you%20win.png)

![Computer wins](assets/images/computer%20wins.png)

![It's a tie](assets/images/tie.png)

- __The Player Choice Area__

  - This area is what the user uses to choose what they will play in each round of the game. When a user hovers over one of the icons, the background of it will turn grey

Commit message:

feat: Completed Existing Features section of README file.

README.md, after:

# RPS-7

RPS-7 stands for Rock Paper Scissors 7 ways and has been designed for those that wish to play a more complex version of the traditional rock paper scissors game. This site demostrates how JavaScript can be used to create working games that can be played singl-player. RPS-7 is a website that allows users to play a JavaScript game of RPS-7 against a computer, with the first to 10 points being crowned as the winner.

Live URL: <https://jftjenkins.github.io/rps-7/>

![Image showing responsive website on different devices](assets/images/responsive.png)

## Features

### Existing Features

- __The RPS-7 Heading__

  - At the top of the page, the title for the page is shown which tells the user the name of the game, and the rules for winning ("First to 10 wins!")

![Heading of page](assets/images/title.png)

- __The Rules Area__

  - The next section shown is the area that explains the rules of the game. The choices are shown using <b>bold text</b> so that users can easily identify how interactions work. This text was taken directly from <https://www.umop.com/rps7.htm>

- __The Results Area__

  - Below the Rules Area, is the Results section, which shows the Player's Choice and the Computer's Choice along with a Results Box below to show who has won each round. When a player clicks an icon from the Player Choice section below this, the icon will show in the Player's Choice box, along with the Computer's Choice, which is randomly selected. From this, the results box will say what the Player chose, and what the Computer chose, and who won or if it was a tie.
  - This allows the user to see what they have chosen, and easily see what the computer has chosen, along with the results.

![Opening view of Results Area](assets/images/opening.png)

![Player wins](assets/images/you%20win.png)

![Computer wins](assets/images/computer%20wins.png)

![It's a tie](assets/images/tie.png)

- __The Player Choice Area__

  - This area is what the user uses to choose what they will play in each round of the game. When a user hovers over one of the icons, the background of it will turn grey and the cursor will become the pointed icon to highlight to users what they are choosing.

![The Player Choice Area](assets/images/player%20choice.png)

- __The Results Area and Reset Button__

  - This section keeps track of the player and computer scores throughout the game. It also features a reset button which, if clicked, resets the game for if user's are unhappy with how the game is going.

![Results Area and Reset Button](assets/images/score%20board%20and%20reset.png)

- __Game End Modal__

  - Once either the computer of the player reaches 10 points, a Modal will pop up announcing the winner, with a Restart button bellow it that, when clicked, resets the game back to its original state.

![Game End Modal](assets/images/end%20game.png)
